.TH CLIP_INSTALL 8 "JUNE 2007" Linux "User Manuals"
.SH NAME
clip_install \- Clip packages installer.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B clip_install
[\-h] |\-v] -d
.I distribution
-p
.I part
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B clip_install
performs clip packages installation.
.B clip_install
is intended to be run non-interactively and must be run AFTER packages download. 
This script updates its own 
.B apt
cache using a local debian mirror, then removes from its cache high-impact packages and packages whose signatures have not been successfully verified using 
.BR verify-sign-full (1)
, unless options are given in a configuration file
.BR clip_install.conf (5).
.PP
It tries then to upgrade the system by using 
.BR "apt-get dist-upgrade"
on the remaining packages.
.PP
The
.B apt
cache directory and the lock files managed by this tool MUST NOT be cleaned or removed manually. 
.PP
The
.B apt.conf
(5) configuration file used must be located in 
.B /etc/clip_update/clip_install/
and must be named after the distribution and the part to install :

.B - /etc/clip_update/clip_install/apt.conf.clip.core
for the
.I core
part
of the
.I clip
distribution.

.B - /etc/clip_update/clip_install/apt.conf.clip.apps
for the
.I apps
part
of the
.I clip
distribution.

.B - /etc/clip_update/clip_install/apt.conf.rm.core
for the
.I core
part
of the
.I rm
distribution.

.B - /etc/clip_update/clip_install/apt.conf.rm.apps
for the
.I apps
part
of the
.I rm
distribution.

The logs are stored using 
.BR logger (1).
.SH MANDATORY PARAMETERS
.IP \-d distribution
Specify the distribution to update. Should be either 
.I clip
or 
.I rm
.IP \-p part
Specify the part of the distribution to update. Should be either 
.I core
or 
.I apps
.SH OPTIONS
.IP \-h
Print help and exit
.IP \-v
Print version of the utility and exit
.SH RESOURCES
.PP Depends on 
.BR sh (1)
,
.BR awk (1)
,
.BR sed (1)
,
.BR find (1)
,
.BR logger (1)
,
.BR apt-cache (8)
, 
.BR apt-get (8)
,
.BR verify-sign-full (1)
and
.BR clip_install.conf (5)
.SH DIAGNOSTICS
The script returns 2 if an error occured, 0 if no packages were installed, 5 if packages were installed on the core part of the clip distribution, 0 if packages were installed otherwise.
.PP
If the execution fails during packages installation, the utility will try to return to old state next time it will run.
If the execution fails during signatures verification or high-impact packages removal, it will retry on the next run.
.SH AUTHORS
EADS Defence And Security Systems
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR verify-sign-full (1), clip_install.conf (5)
